sle-release-notes-2024-12 (#236)
ni/install-systemlink-enterprise: release-notes/2024-12/README.md

# SystemLink Enterprise 2024-12 Release Notes

The 2024-12 release for SystemLink Enterprise has been published to <https://downloads.artifacts.ni.com>. This update includes new features, bug fixes, and security updates. Work with your account representative to obtain credentials to access these artifacts. If you are not upgrading from the previous release, refer to past release notes to ensure you have addressed all required configuration changes.

## New Features and Behavior changes

- Behavior change or new feature description

- Updated **Automated Agent** built-in role to include privileges to **Execute test actions**.

## Helm Chart Breaking Changes

- `dynamicformfields:0.1.310`

>     - The DynamicFormFields (DFF) Service was added to the top-level chart.

Reviewer: In the User Manual I have been using the term "Dynamic Form Fields" with spaces. Perhaps we should be consistent.

        - [View this service configuration](https://github.com/ni/install-systemlink-enterprise/blob/2024-12/getting-started/templates/systemlink-values.yaml#L1260)        - [View this service configuration](https://github.com/ni/install-systemlink-enterprise/blob/2024-12/getting-started/templates/systemlink-values.yaml#L1260)

>     - Secrets for the service's Postgres credentials need to be configured in systemlink-secrets.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You must configure the secrets for the PostgreSQL credentials of the DFF service in systemlink-secrets.yaml.
```

Not sure if this is for the DFF service or another service. Either way, we should be specific.

        - [View this secret configuration](https://github.com/ni/install-systemlink-enterprise/blob/2024-12/getting-started/templates/systemlink-secrets.yaml#L691)

>     - DFF feature flags still defaults to false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - DFF feature flags still defaults to false.
```

## Upgrade Considerations

### RabbitMQ Version

> SystemLink Enterprise includes a deployment of the [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) message bus. Since you cannot skip minor versions when updating RabbitMQ, you may not be able to upgrade directly between versions of the SystemLink Enterprise product. The table below shows the version of the RabbitMQ dependency for each released version of SystemLink Enterprise. Refer to [Updating SystemLink Enterprise](https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/systemlink-enterprise/page/updating-systemlink-enterprise.html) for detailed update instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SystemLink Enterprise includes a deployment of the [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) message bus. Since you cannot skip minor versions when updating RabbitMQ, you may not be able to upgrade directly between versions of SystemLink Enterprise. The table below shows the version of the RabbitMQ dependency for each released version of SystemLink Enterprise. Refer to [Updating SystemLink Enterprise](https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/systemlink-enterprise/page/updating-systemlink-enterprise.html) for detailed update instructions.
```
